- Dax Asst Prof QCNY: Using pangeo with primary undergrads: OOI: Develop those datasets; interest based on transitioning students from mouse-competent to independent data scientist
 - Kevin Tyle at U.Albany IT management: Pangeo data wg. Get students equipped for the jobs waiting for them; people who have domain + cloud + github + data standards: Valued skill set. Planning an online class that will hopefully <---> wg benefit: Advanced geosci data visualization. Also will attend Mind The Gap meeting in Boulder next month: Building coursework. 
- Jim Bednar at Anaconda: Working on contracts e.g. with USACE which claim they will provide best practices esp in data visualization and handling; and 'how to get your job done'; so need to make materials available such that they are coordinated across pangeo. 
- Ryan Abernathy: Trying to teach graduate students in geoscience: Python in general and the part of Python RA really *likes* for 5 years; started as workshops, now Research Computing in Earth Science: Need a place for self-directed learning and for courses; his lecture notes form a good foundation for that; he'd like that to become a book. Publisher? Open source? 
- Amanda: Dev side of pangeo; interested in turning pangeo materials into s/w carpentry style presentation. 
- AArendt: Research scientist; lead PI on NASA ACCESS: Apply pangeo to earth science problems esp remote sensing; and lead coordinator or hackweeks; Icesat-II coming up; first big road test of pangeo. 
- Phil in Dept of Earth and Ocean Sciences at UBC; host Scissor-G confederated JHub; so natural to branch out into grad education; run pangeo for large eddie simulation; boundary layer class for grad students in the fall: Domain-specific lectures and pangeo lectures. Invite contribution of datasets; and then apply pangeo; based from the AGU short course (near term plan); and UCAR representative: Ton of interest in Boulder last year. "AGU and UCAR are both really ready for an organization that would produce modules; to solve the pre-req problem; since bringing in young scientists and getting them up to speed is quite challenging." 
- Ryan May at UCAR: Lead of the Python team. Develop tools; then training activities. So there is a big resource pool there; gallery of examples. Focus is atmospherics within broader geoscience. They have some online material to try and help fill that onboarding task.
- Rob Fatland UW Research Computing Director (eScience + UW IT): Background geophysics. Interest in the meta-task of organizing and streamlining learning curves.
    
